AT&T CFO Pascal Desroches Updates Shareholders<q>DALLAS, September 15, 2021--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Pascal Desroches, senior executive vice president and chief financial officer of AT&T Inc.* (NYSE:T), spoke today at the Bank of America Media, Communications & Entertainment Conference, where he provided an update to shareholders.<q>AT&T also continues to experience healthy demand for HBO Max in both domestic and international markets. The company recently announced its plans to expand into six European countries next month with plans to launch in at least 14 additional territories in Europe in 2022. As previously indicated, AT&T expects most of the subscriber growth in the second half of the year to come from outside the United States due to the strategic decision to cease offering HBO Max as a subscription on Amazon Channels. The company anticipates this decision will likely impact total HBO Max / HBO domestic subscribers and net additions in the third quarter. However, Desroches reiterated that AT&T’s guidance for 70 million to 73 million global HBO Max and HBO subscribers by the end of 2021 factors in the impact of this decision.3
Ford to build $11.4 billion mega campuses for electric car production<q>Saying Ford is driving head on into a future of electric vehicles may be an understatement. Think more along the line of hauling a-–.<q>Stanton, Tennessee will see the construction of Blue Oval City, which Ford says will aid in building an "expanded" electric-truck lineup. Currently, Ford has released the all-electric SUV called the Mach-E and soon will begin producing the all-electric F-150 Lightning. The 3,600-acre campus will cover nearly 6 square miles, at a total of $5.6 billion. It's expected to created 6,000 jobs.
General Motors and Motorq Team Up to Help Fleets Reduce Costs, Improve Driving Through Real-time, In-Vehicle Coaching Service<q>GM’s OnStar Business Solutions combined with Motorq’s vehicle analytics provide drivers real-time feedback to encourage safe driving behaviors<q>The In-Vehicle Coaching service provides fleet managers and drivers with real-time, verbal feedback regarding specific driving behaviors to help create awareness and encourage safer driving habits. Fleet owners set the criteria for each of the identified behaviors within the Motorq platform, including: if the driver is braking or accelerating too hard; if the driver is exceeding either/both the posted or maximum allowed speed limits and if the driver/passenger hasn’t fastened the seat belt.
Their battery as a service technology solves a lot of short and long-term problems with EVs and cars in general.<q>NIO is a leading player in the Chinese electric vehicle market and their unique technology grants it several long-term advantages over competitors.<q>China has been on a legislative tear recently, hurting many domestic companies. However, NIO's mission lines up with many Chinese goals and is likely to enjoy preferential treatment.
Tesla trades at a high 20x P/S and is overvalued.<q>Summary<q>EV Competition Has Arrived: Does Tesla Have The Answer?
Better Beer Stock: Ambev or Boston Beer Company?<q>ABEV – Even though beer consumption dipped last year, the reopening of restaurants this year has been pushing up beer company sales. That is why we think it could be wise now to evaluate established beer companies Ambev (ABEV) and Boston Beer (SAM) to identify which one is a better buy now? Read more to find out.<q>Nimesh JaiswalBy Nimesh Jaiswal
The company, which reported a third-quarter adjusted loss of $1.99 billion, said its monthly average cash burn rate was $510 million during the reported quarter.<q>Carnival says cruise bookings for 2022 second half above pre-pandemic levels<q>KEY POINTS
Norwegian Cruise Line Officially Returns to New York<q>On Sunday, Sept. 26, Norwegian Breakaway made its post-COVID debut back in New York City, the start of a season of week-long sailings to Bermuda for the ship.<q>The ship will welcome guests from the Manhattan Cruise Terminal through the end of October, sailings that include overnight calls to the Royal Naval Dockyard.
The move flooded the Los Angeles market with more than 400,000 square feet of movie theater real estate — "an opportunity major chains such as Regal, AMC and Cinemark will likely capitalize on as the three make up nearly 70% of the regional cinema market," CBRE Group Inc. noted in a recent report.<q>AMC takes advantage of pandemic to expand presence in one notable city: Tinseltown<q>"The silver screen hasn't lost its luster as some of the biggest players in the industry move to increase their regional footprint,” the CBRE report said.
China: New Oriental closes K-12 subsidiary<q>Founded in 2016, DFUB is described as New Oriental’s most successful online education service, with over 2 million students registered in its 282 branches. It enabled students in less developed areas to be taught by experienced teachers in Beijing via online platforms.<q>The company estimates that it will finish issuing refunds and redundancy packages before October, according to a social media post by CEO of DFUB Yu Zhu.
Fresno County Will Soon Be Home to the Largest Green Hydrogen Plant on the West Coast<q>The project also includes the construction of a new wastewater treatment facility that will supply the water needed by the plant and provide recycled water to Mendota, an increasingly water-stressed agricultural hub in Fresno County.<q>The California facility will expand Plug Power’s network of plants that already includes sites in New York, Tennessee and Georgia. Combined, they will supply 500 tons of liquid green hydrogen daily by 2025, preventing 4.3 million metric tons of carbon dioxide emissions from entering the atmosphere.
AMD CEO Sees Chip Shortage Easing in 2022<q>The semiconductor shortage will begin to ease in 2022, Advanced Micro Devices CEO Lisa Su said at a session Monday at the Code Conference in Beverly Hills.<q>In an on-stage interview with Code Conference producer Kara Swisher and CNBC tech reporter Jon Fortt, the AMD (ticker: AMD) chief said that the semiconductor industry is investing aggressively in new capacity, with 20 new factories coming online this year and a similar number expected to come online in 2022.
New Benchmark Leak Reveals Impressive Performance Of Intel's 12900K, 12700K And 12600K Alder Lake Processors<q>Benchmarks have leaked supposedly revealing the performance of Intel's Core i9-12900K, Core i7-12700K and Core i5-12600K Alder Lake CPUs, courtesy of www.cpu-monkey.com.<q>The new results show both single-threaded and multi-threaded scores in Cinebench R20 and give Intel a clear lead over all of AMD's current mainstream desktop CPUs.
Wall Street consensus has missed the mark, with a ‘Buy’ rating based upon 27 ‘Buy’, 1 ‘Overweight’, and 4 ‘Hold’ recommendations. No analysts are recommending that shareholders close positions and move to the sidelines. Price targets currently range from a low of $75 to a Street-high $165 while the stock is set to open Monday’s session more than a point below the low target. Worse yet, this target has acted as an impenetrable price ceiling for the last seven weeks.<q>The company has been plagued by supply disruptions, like other semiconductor manufacturers, compounded by weakness in DRAM memory pricing. Well-known hedge funds have taken notice during the quarter, reducing or closing positions at funds run by George Soros, Stanley Druckenmiller, and David Tepper. Worse yet, Micron continues to underperform other chip stocks by a country mile, dropping 14% in the last three months while PHLX Semiconductor Index hit an all-time high less than two weeks ago.<q>Wall Street and Technical Outlook
And Elon Musk says this semiconductor shortage will end as well.<q>Short circuit on a semiconductor chip.<q>Why Nvidia Investors Are Nervous Today
Can India’s proposed semiconductor deal with Taiwan be a gamechanger?<q>Moore's Law states that the number of transistors on a microchip will double every two years, even while costs go down. Mister Moore, God bless him, surely may not have accounted for COVID-19, developments in artificial intelligence and the perfect storm of it all coming together, leading to a global shortage of semiconductors threatening industries from automobiles to smartphones and consumer electronics.<q>Moore's Law will also be put to test as India doubles down on closing a reported deal with Taiwan, the big daddy in the semiconductor scene. The deal, worth Rs 55,000 crore in today's dollar value, envisages a big-scale chip production facility with Taiwanese technology in the sub continent. The larger trade deal (that will, of course, make big bro Beijing see red) in the offing could see duty cuts on components and other raw materials. A mega IT park with space for 100 Taiwanese companies is also on the anvil.
Shares are no longer cheap, with the market apparently re-rating the company from a cyclical company to a growth company.<q>The company currently has a technological advantage, but there is a risk that competitors like Samsung and Intel could catch up.<q>Summary
In a huge blow, judge rules Apple can't force developers to exclusively use its App Store payment system<q>(CNN Business)Apple can no longer prohibit app developers from directing users to payment options outside its App Store, a judge ruled on Friday. The decision, which followed a contentious court battle with the maker of the hugely popular Fortnite video game, is a major blow to Apple — but the company also scored a partial victory as the judge stopped short of calling it a monopoly.<q>But Gonzalez Rogers sided with Apple on the suit's other claims and said she could not conclude that the iPhone maker is a monopoly.
Brits line up for gas as BP closes some service stations<q>London (CNN Business)British drivers are being urged not to panic buy gasoline after a shortage of truck drivers forced BP to temporarily close some of its UK service stations.<q>The Automobile Association (AA) appealed for calm on Friday as drivers in some parts of the United Kingdom flocked to gas stations.
Why Chevron And Exxon Shun Solar And Wind<q>Editor OilPrice.com<q>Europe's top oil and gas firms have all committed to becoming net-zero energy businesses by 2050 or sooner. Most of them say their oil production has either peaked already or is about to peak by the middle of this decade. And all of them bet on investments in renewable electricity generation—along with hydrogen, carbon capture and storage, biofuels, and electric vehicle charging networks—to deserve being called 'energy companies' instead of oil companies.
Petrobras (PBR) Aims to Obtain Net-Zero Emission From Operations<q>Petróleo Brasileiro S.A. or Petrobras (PBR Quick QuotePBR - Free Report) announced its commitment to achieve net-zero emissions from operations and work with its partners in non-operated areas to help them lower emissions.<q>With the rise of Environmental, Social and Governance investing and the broad-based transition toward clean energy; a number of oil/gas companies have decided voluntarily to become carbon neutral over the next three decades.
Has Occidental Petroleum (OXY) Outpaced Other Oils-Energy Stocks This Year?<q>Investors focused on the Oils-Energy space have likely heard of Occidental Petroleum (OXY), but is the stock performing well in comparison to the rest of its sector peers? By taking a look at the stock's year-to-date performance in comparison to its Oils-Energy peers, we might be able to answer that question.<q>Within the past quarter, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for OXY's full-year earnings has moved 219.80% higher. This signals that analyst sentiment is improving and the stock's earnings outlook is more positive.
Stocks in the financial technology (fintech) sector have been great performers over the past five years. Square is up more than 2,100%, PayPal has gained almost 600%, and Visa is up nearly 170% in the last five years, with all three beating the returns of the broad S&P 500 index. Clearly there are some great opportunities within the fintech sector for investors to take advantage of.<q>Will SoFi Technologies Be the Next Fintech Disruptor?<q>One new fintech stock to enter the public markets is SoFi Technologies (NASDAQ:SOFI), which officially started trading this year. Is SoFi the next fintech disruptor set to crush the market?
Citigroup floats $236.6 million in MBS backing single-family home investors<q>Citigroup Global Markets is the initial note purchaser on the deal, for which Citigroup’s realty corporation is the loan seller and deal sponsor. PennyMac Corp. is acting as the initial seller, originator and servicer, according to DBRS.<q>DBRS Morningstar noted that the mortgages are made largely on conforming single-family homes, 65.3%, with another quarter of the mortgages made to two- to four-family homes.
Banco Bradesco S.A. Plans Monthly Dividend of $0.00 (NYSE:BBD)<q>Banco Bradesco has decreased its dividend by 64.8% over the last three years. Banco Bradesco has a payout ratio of 1.9% indicating that its dividend is sufficiently covered by earnings. Equities analysts expect Banco Bradesco to earn $0.55 per share next year, which means the company should continue to be able to cover its $0.01 annual dividend with an expected future payout ratio of 1.8%.<q>Banco Bradesco (NYSE:BBD) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, August 3rd. The bank reported $0.13 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts' consensus estimates of $0.12 by $0.01. Banco Bradesco had a return on equity of 17.20% and a net margin of 20.84%. The firm had revenue of $4.10 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $4.66 billion. On average, analysts anticipate that Banco Bradesco will post 0.49 EPS for the current fiscal year.
Why Bank of America and Citigroup Are Trading Higher Today<q>What happened<q>So what
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. (NYSE:ITUB) Short Interest Down 19.6% in August<q>Hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Sageworth Trust Co acquired a new position in shares of Itaú Unibanco during the 1st quarter worth approximately $36,000. SRS Capital Advisors Inc. purchased a new stake in Itaú Unibanco in the 2nd quarter valued at $46,000. Platinum Investment Management Ltd. grew its holdings in Itaú Unibanco by 44.5% in the 1st quarter. Platinum Investment Management Ltd. now owns 9,805 shares of the bank's stock valued at $49,000 after buying an additional 3,021 shares in the last quarter. Sawtooth Solutions LLC purchased a new stake in Itaú Unibanco in the 2nd quarter valued at $65,000. Finally, Veritable L.P. purchased a new stake in Itaú Unibanco in the 1st quarter valued at $54,000. 4.29% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds.<q>Shares of ITUB stock opened at $5.05 on Tuesday. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.83, a current ratio of 1.48 and a quick ratio of 1.48. The company has a market cap of $49.49 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 9.53 and a beta of 0.83. The stock has a 50 day simple moving average of $5.68 and a 200-day simple moving average of $5.51. Itaú Unibanco has a 1-year low of $3.88 and a 1-year high of $6.76.
Moderna CEO Predicts Pandemic Could End in 2022: Here's Why the Stock Could Plunge If He's Right<q>When will the pandemic be over and life return to normal? Moderna (NASDAQ:MRNA) CEO Stéphane Bancel thinks it could happen in 2022. In an interview with Swiss newspaper Neue Zuercher Zeitung, Bancel expressed his view that COVID-19 vaccines could help usher in a return to normalcy in the second half of next year.<q>People across the world will cheer if Bancel's prediction comes true. However, Moderna's shareholders might not join in the celebration. Here's why the vaccine stock could plunge if Bancel is right that the pandemic will be over next year.
US panel backs COVID-19 boosters only for seniors, high-risk<q>WASHINGTON (AP) — Dealing the White House a stinging setback, a government advisory panel overwhelmingly rejected a plan Friday to give Pfizer COVID-19 booster shots across the board, and instead endorsed the extra vaccine dose only for those who are 65 or older or run a high risk of severe disease.<q>In a surprising turn, the advisory panel rejected, 16-2, boosters for almost everyone. Members cited a lack of safety data on extra doses and also raised doubts about the value of mass boosters, rather than ones targeted to specific groups.
NEW YORK, Aug 3 (Reuters) - Energy Transfer LP on Tuesday reported an increase in quarterly net income, driven by gains in its intrastate natural gas pipeline and storage business as well as natural gas liquids unit.<q>Energy Transfer was among the biggest winners after Winter Storm Uri knocked out power and halted distribution of natural gas in Texas in February. The company had said it expected to gain roughly $2.4 billion due to the storm.<q>Energy Transfer earnings climb as natgas pipeline revenues jump
Schlumberger New Energy Enters into Agreement with EnerVenue for Metal-Hydrogen Stationary Energy Storage Solutions<q>This strategic investment provides Schlumberger with access to the fast-growing stationary energy storage solutions market through differentiated technology<q>EnerVenue builds simple, safe, maintenance-free energy storage for the clean energy revolution – based on technology proven over decades in extreme conditions, now scaled for large renewable energy integration applications. The first to bring aerospace-proven metal-hydrogen battery technology into the clean energy revolution, EnerVenue provides an affordable alternative to lithium-ion batteries with capabilities well-suited to harsh-desert, remote project sites and to customers desiring ‘install and forget’ energy storage solutions. The company is headquartered in Fremont, California.
Why Alcoa Stock Is Soaring This Week and May Not Stop<q>What happened<q>Shares of aluminum giant Alcoa (NYSE:AA) are racing higher and are up 9.8% so far this week, as of early Friday.  It's a stunning recovery after the stock's steep 16.7% decline just over a week ago. What's with all the volatility?
Freeport-McMoRan - A Coffer Full Of Copper<q>Introduction<q>Freeport-McMoRan (FCX) is a pure play copper miner with operations in North America, South America (Peru and Chile), and in Indonesia. FCX’s portfolio of assets includes the Grasberg minerals district in Indonesia, one of the world’s largest copper and gold deposits; and significant mining operations in North America and South America, including the large-scale Morenci minerals district in Arizona and the Cerro Verde operation in Peru.
At the start of the pandemic in March 2020 , Cleveland-Cliffs stock tumbled to a low of $3.14 per share. The stock has been trading in the $24 range recently.<q>Cleveland-Cliffs is a fully integrated and self-sufficient steel producer. The firm has its hands in everything from digging the ore out of the ground to pelletizing of iron ore to stamping out parts made from completed steel.<q>As Goncalves explained to Cramer on Mad Money, see the recap here, the company has stuck to its strategy of being a leader in many categories in the steel business.  Check out how you can profit from the investment ideas on Real Money.
U.S. raw steel production edged down on a weekly comparison basis for the week ending Sep 4 as lower production across Southern and Midwest offset gains in North East and Great Lakes. Capacity utilization — a key metric in the steel industry — remained close to the 85% level amid strong domestic demand.<q>US Steel Output Spikes 20% YTD on Higher Capacity, Solid Demand<q>Notwithstanding the modest weak-on-weak decline, U.S. steel output remains higher than at the same time last year when shutdowns across major steel-consuming sectors due to the coronavirus pandemic put a crimp on steel demand. Per AISI, output for the reported week represents a 23.5% rise from production of 1,511,000 for the same period a year ago. Domestic steel production is also up roughly 20% so far this year.
Mining Firm Responsible for 270-Death Disaster Behind New Canada Fiasco<q>After two grueling days trapped underground, most of the 39 workers stuck in a mine in the Canadian city of Sudbury finally climbed to the surface on Tuesday. The grueling rescue operation began after an elevator accident left workers stranded almost 4,000 feet below ground—that’s four times the height of the Eiffel Tower.<q>While the rest of the workers are expected to escape unharmed, previous employees for the Brazilian firm Vale, which owns the Canadian Totten mine in Sudbury, were not as lucky.
Kohls CEO talks Amazon partnership, turning business into ‘lifestyle concept’<q>Retail giant Kohl's has been on a roll in the markets after a blowout earnings report and CEO Michelle Gass tagged the company’s success on its lifestyle approach on "The Claman Countdown."<q>Kohl's partnerships with major brands like Sephora, Lego and others have increased foot traffic in stores which Gass explained drives relevancy and widens the department store's demographic.
Last week Macy’s and Kohl’s reported sales and earnings for the second quarter of 2021. Sales and earnings for both companies were above expectations, and the companies dutifully raised their sales and earnings expectations for the rest of the fiscal year. Their enthusiasm is justified. Things are more normal and even women’s dresses are selling at a better pace. The back-to-school business has been generating strong demand for children’s clothing and adult apparel, suggesting that the third quarter of the current year had a strong start despite the fact that the Delta variant of the coronavirus has rekindled fear among consumers.<q>Department stores of the future will operate with tighter inventories, speedy delivery and a host of merchandise partners. They will be profitable and will concentrate on developing smaller selling units.<q>Macy’s And Kohl’s Define Post-Pandemic Department Stores’ Look
What’s Next For Macy’s Stock After An 8% Move Last Week?<q>Macy’s stock (NYSE: M), a department store chain, increased by 8% in the last five trading days (one week). In comparison, the broader S&P500 index grew marginally over the same period. The company announced its plans to hire 76,000 employees for the upcoming holiday season, with approximately 37% of these new hires in permanent positions. Last year, about 6,800 seasonal workers remained with the company after holiday hiring in 2020. That said, the market reacted upward to this news probably because Macy’s M +3.2% has fewer stores this year than in previous years, and yet they are hiring roughly the same amount of people for this holiday season. By the look of things, the company looks well-positioned to mitigate supply chain issues heading into the back half of the fiscal year.<q>Macy’s saw a stellar fiscal second-quarter after beating revenue and earnings expectations. The retailer’s sales increased 2% to $5.65 billion and adjusted earnings per share more than quadrupled to $1.29 compared to the fiscal 2019 quarter. To add to this, the company’s comparable sales increased 5.9% relative to the second quarter of 2019. It should be noted that Macy’s expenses remained well below the 2019 levels, due to store closures, cost-cutting measures, and temporary under-staffing related to the tight labor market. Looking ahead, the company continues to expect significant earnings growth in Q3 as well, with adjusted EPS of $0.17 to $0.26, up from $0.07 in Q3 2019. However, it also estimates Q3 sales to come in between $5.04 billion and $5.19 billion, compared to $5.17 billion two years ago. This forecast implies a sequential slowdown in growth, most likely due to the recent surge in Covid-19 cases associated with the Delta variant.
Alibaba stock tumbles after report says Beijing wants to break up Alipay<q>But that wasn't the only piece of news that led to the stock's decline. Investors are also concerned that Beijing is intensifying its ongoing crackdown on big tech, after regulators ordered internet firms — including Alibaba and Tencent — to stop blocking rivals' links on their platforms.<q>Alibaba (BABA) fell as much as 7% in Hong Kong, before trimming losses to 4.2% at the close. The stock has shed 46% since early November 2020, when Chinese regulators halted Ant Group's giant IPO at the last minute, erasing about $380 billion off Alibaba's market value. Ant Group was spun off from Jack Ma's Alibaba in 2011. Alibaba still owns a third of the fintech company.
Why JD.com Is My Top Chinese E-Commerce Stock<q>There are a lot of options for investors to choose from in Chinese e-commerce.<q>In this Backstage Pass segment recorded on Aug. 23, Fool contributors Jeremy Bowman and Brian Withers explain why JD.com (NASDAQ:JD) is their favorite in the sector. Among JD's assets are its vast logistics network, innovative technology, and its push into new industries like telehealth and supermarkets.
Why Vipshop Stock Crashed (Further) Today<q>What happened<q>The Chinese e-commerce company plunged anew after a Wall Street analyst posited that its immediate future looks bleak.
Cisco Exec Riffs On Global 5G Core Delays<q>A 5G standalone (SA) core, more than anything else, defines what is and isn’t true 5G, and deployments remain astonishingly rare globally.<q>Because most operators initially deployed 5G on a non-standalone (NSA) core anchored to 4G LTE, engineers are left no choice but to manage and operate networks, at least temporarily, running on 4G LTE, 5G NSA, and 5G SA. And that’s complicated, the GM of Cisco’s Mass-Scale Infrastructure Group, explained in a phone interview.
iQIYI romantic drama 'One and Only' tops popularity rankings and generates buzz on social media<q>BEIJING, Sept. 9, 2021 /PRNewswire/ -- iQIYI Inc. (NASDAQ: IQ) ("iQIYI" or the "Company"), an innovative market-leading online entertainment service in China, is pleased to announce that its recently released romantic drama series One and Only has become a huge hit both domestically and overseas. The show has achieved a content popularity index of over 8,500 on the Company's platform since its release, having also topped the popularity rankings on multiple renowned Chinese content review platforms. The show is also among the top five drama series in terms of overseas viewership on iQIYI's international app (iQ.com), attracting much attention on global social media platforms. One and Only proves itself to be another iQIYI overseas hit that, like Story of Yanxi Palace, combines traditional Chinese aesthetics with original storytelling and universal appeal.<q>iQIYI launched a variety of interactive sessions to deliver an immersive experience to users and further boost the popularity of the show. In one instance, Ren Jialun and Bai Lu, the series' lead actor and actress, made a surprise visit to iQIYI's online chat room during the show's airing to answer viewers' questions. They received over 15,000 messages in just under a minute. The cast also joined viewers' discussions in the 'Danmu' bullet comment section, which led to over 18 million bullet comments and 7.29 million likes. Outreach of this kind catered to the engagement habits of the show's younger audience, as evident in the 3,000-plus show-related posts in the iQIYI community.
Tencent Music Entertainment Group (NYSE:TME) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.21 Billion<q>Tencent Music Stock is a Risky Yet Rewarding Bet Much Lower
Shares of Uber Technologies Inc. UBER, -2.69% rose 0.5% in premarket trading Friday, as the ride-sharing company was set to benefit from a potential investment in China-based rival Didi Global Inc. DIDI, -3.16% by China's government, according to Gordon Haskett analyst Robert Mollins. Didi's stock jumped 4.8% ahead of Friday's open after Bloomberg reported that China had proposed making an investment. Uber has disclosed that it owned about $6.3 billion worth of Didi's stock at the end of 2020, and said it sold $207 million worth of its investment in January and had agreed to sell another $293 million worth of Didi shares in the first half of 2021. "If the Bloomberg article proves to be true, we see this as a positive for Uber," Gordon Haskett's Mollins wrote in a note to clients. "Uber has been very upfront about wanting to monetize its stake in Didi and we see a transaction with Beijing as a way to sell a ~$5B stake in the company without driving Didi's share price down as a result of selling on the open market." Uber's stock has dropped 15.0% over the past three months through Thursday while the S&P 500 SPX, -2.04% has gained 8.2%.
Does Didi's crash point to the future of U.S.-China financial frictions?<q>Didi Global Inc., China’s largest ride-hailing app operator, went public on the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, pricing its initial public offering at the top of its range at $14 (¥1,540), meaning its total market value would reach some ¥8 trillion.<q>It is not surprising that the market welcomed the debut, considering the company’s rapid growth in the roughly nine years after its launch, making full use of artificial intelligence and data systems as its business strategy.
Microsoft (MSFT) Set to Release Windows 11<q>Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) is set to release the latest version of its best-selling operating system Windows 11 on Oct. 5, the company announced in a blog post.1 Dubbed "the first version of a new era of Windows," the operating system is a long-awaited successor to Windows 10, which was released back in 2015.2<q>Analysts estimate that Windows 11 will contribute 19% of Microsoft's overall profit margins for this year,
Is Palantir Stock a Buy?<q>nnovation isn't just about what a company sells but also about how management runs the business. Big data software company Palantir Technologies (NYSE:PLTR) is getting creative, planting seeds now that could yield revenue growth down the road.<q>1. Big data is a big market opportunity
Palantir backs satellite intelligence company<q>Palantir has extended its partnership with an emerging geospatial intelligence firm by making an equity investment.<q>Terms of Palantir's investment in BlackSky Holdings were not disclosed, but it follows a pilot program that saw BlackSky deliver insights and intelligence to Palantir customers within minutes of collection and without human interaction.
Uber drivers to stage 24-hour strike<q>Drivers at ride hailing giant Uber are staging a strike on Tuesday over issues including pay and claims that workers are being unfairly dismissed.<q>Members of the App Drivers and Couriers Union (ADCU) will hold protests in London, Bristol, Birmingham, Nottingham, Sheffield, Manchester, Leeds and Glasgow, and are urging people not to use the service during the 24-hour walkout.
American Airlines vs. United: Which Airline Stock Is a Better Investment?<q>The airline sector was among the worst hit amid the COVID-19 pandemic.  Traveling ground to a halt and airline companies burnt billions of dollars in cash to stay afloat.<q>American Airlines disappointed investors in Q2
